feat: Orchestration image support (#294)
SAP/ai-sdk-java: docs/release-notes/release_notes.md

### 🔧 Compatibility Notes

> - `Message.content()` returns a `ContentItem` now instead of a `String`. Use `((TextItem) Message.content().contentItemList().get(0)).text()` if the corresponding `ContentItem` is a `TextItem` and the string representation is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Message.content()` returns a `ContentItem` now instead of a `String`. Use `((TextItem) Message.textContent()` if the corresponding `ContentItem` is a `TextItem` and the string representation is needed.
```
maybe we can hide this behind a (potentially beta) convenience method?

Author: Yes, sounds good :)
Should I then simply divide the different strings with a semicolon or something? And for `ImageContent` I print the url?

Reviewer: I think we can just throw, which is what would happen in the type cast anyway

Author: Discussed that we do not want to enable this.

### ✨ New Functionality

> - [Add Orchestration `LlamaGuardFilter`](../guides/ORCHESTRATION_CHAT_COMPLETION.md#chat-completion-filter).
> - [Convenient methods to create messages containing images and multiple text inputs](../guides/ORCHESTRATION_CHAT_COMPLETION.md#add-images-and-multiple-text-inputs-to-a-message)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Orchestration:
  - [Add `LlamaGuardFilter`](../guides/ORCHESTRATION_CHAT_COMPLETION.md#chat-completion-filter).
  - [Convenient methods to create messages containing images and multiple text inputs](../guides/ORCHESTRATION_CHAT_COMPLETION.md#add-images-and-multiple-text-inputs-to-a-message)
```
